Liss and nowadays it seems more horror
movies come out at the beginning of the
year and they do or on Halloween and I
don't even spawning sequels we had a
video on the first one way back but I
think Brahms himself flagged it or sent
the studio's to go claim it but
thankfully we have a sponsor for this
ellamy horror recap and it might
actually be scarier than Brom obviously
if you've been on youtube.com you've
heard of the indie game known as braid
shadow legends all I thought we were
going to get hit with the word epic epic
epic 20 times in this promo they were
actually pretty chill do you want
cartoon characters sorry wrong game I
set up an account under player 4 to 8 6
5 6 7 2 since you know that was
obviously my grandma's favorite number
and I downloaded this RPG which boasts
about graphics it has a campaign mode
with a better storyline than bronze the
boy they got a clam boss mode in case
you wanted to play with your online
friends and fight a bunch of bosses and
if you don't have friends you can still
play with yourself it's on mobile for
you to play on the couch and desktop for
on-the-go but honestly if you ever find
yourself watching a crappy movie this
will help you not die of boredom but you
still might die though it's an easy to
play game as long as you have fingers
and I promise you that once you master
your first match it's like you master
the entire game and if you don't have
fingers game even plays itself they've
already got a one-up on Star Wars by
actually planning at least five months
ahead with what they're gonna do so for
any of you players who click the link
down below you're gonna get a hundred K
and silver and one free champion hex
Weaver if you click on your little inbox
within the first 30 days you know
honestly these non movie sponsorships
really do help us to keep covering these
movie franchises for you guys and as
always we try to hook you guys up with a
copy of the first whenever we do these
integrations as a first-come
first-served basis so if you'd like
click the link down below to download
the app and help support this channel
for free cuz I already know Brahms is
gonna send STX films to stalk us let me
explain so the first two boy came from
director William Brent Bell who had
previously directed the Frankie Muniz
video game slashers stay alive but we
really put him on the map was a little
found footage movie that's considered
one of the worst movies of all time the
devil inside was a found footage
documentary style fiction about a girl
pulling exorcisms to see why her mom's
exorcism went wrong
years ago and it became the 18th film on
cinema score to receive an f-plus
because the movie didn't even have an
ending the characters like crash and on
the screen cut to a link that just told
the audience to go visit a website to go
get the rest of the story
like can you imagine if a video just
ended like that that would be crazy
and not only was it a crappy site
they're not even running it anymore
and the movie came out in 2012 the thing
about this universally hated movie was
that it ended up making 100 million
dollars at the box office with a budget
of 1 mil this thing somehow topped the
box office and the top 5 but it was
topped - it wasn't - beating Mission
Impossible Ghost Protocol and then
people heard how bad it was and it it
just disappeared off the charts like
didn't even like sync out is saying just
vanish faster than its ending he would
eventually follow this up with another
movie called where about a defense
attorney who realizes too late that her
client is in fact a werewolf and then we
got the boy and then of course it leads
to something that's a great twist which
was just a bonus so all those things you
know trying to make it like what I told
the crew room we started making the film
was I wanted to make a classic you know
we didn't just want to make a scary
movie we wanted to make something that
was gonna last forever now be honest
there is a decent skeleton of a story
hiding within the walls of this movie
literally the problem is that when you
pitch to the audience that this is a
creepy doll movie and you set them up to
believe that the doll is responsible and
then tell them psych people are gonna be
more upset with you than a band say in
the wrong city before a show well I
don't mind the twist what I did mind was
that it didn't make any sense for those
who don't know or chose to not remember
the first follows Gretta who's hired as
a nanny for this elderly couple until
she realizes it's just a doll got that
same vibe shyamalan servant has over on
Apple but the big twist here is that the
elderly couple's kid is still alive he's
just living inside the walls that's why
he has this list of rules to keep rats
out or keep his food clean it's really
just to keep him alive inside its Brahms
who 20 years ago as a kid mutilated a
little girl in the woods burns his house
down to fake his death before they could
even investigate what happened
and began living within the walls of
this house forcing his parents to hire
him nannies that would eventually turn
into his mate until his parents chose to
opt out Greta just so happens to be the
new nanny who was just trying to get
away from her abusive boyfriend after he
caused her miscarriage and now she's
dealing with now the idea of Brahms
living in the walls waiting for a mate
by spooking them as they took care of
your American boy doll ain't that bad of
a movie twist you know but but the
reason it doesn't work is because your
setup is garbo you can't have the entire
buildup of your horror be reliance on a
supernatural doll like none of this can
happen unless it was possessed but then
you have the twist be that it's just a
dude living in his mama's basement its
walls
it makes scenes like this seem even
goofier than they already are because
there's no way real-life Brahms can
relay five meters like that like look at
this my my girl's peripherals were
obstructed for like two seconds minimum
and you expect me to believe that he
took the time to prop them up like Woody
usually January Horrors you know they
have very terrible twists but the twist
here was that they couldn't make up
their minds with what they wanted I
think Lauren Colin does a great job in
this as someone who's confused by
everything around her because you know
it doesn't make sense since you know it
did it in the end Greta is able to run
away and survives Brom repairs the doll
since he somehow survives and the movie
makes enough money to greenlight a
sequel as it survives itself
the boy - and Greta and Brahms are now
gone now I don't know if they were going
for the Damien omen to emerge with the
title with they decided to phrase it or
if they phrase it like that because they
were playing the SEO game but you know
what I wouldn't be surprised if this is
all just you know franchise the boy
series if you saw the first one you know
they took a page from the Thrones team
with the way that they did all that set
up to go another way with the way they
executed the finale but for the sequel
they went full Star Wars and just
ignored anything that they had in the
previous ones pretty much now they want
to give audiences the creepy
supernatural doll movie by retconning
the stuff from the first one and this is
all coming from the same director it
leads to something that's a great twist
classic see in this one we follow a
family who moves out to the countryside
after Katie's home invasion that
incident caused the parents the boy to
go mute and it isn't until they reached
this manor pool house because that's
where they're saying that he meets
Brahms the boy and while the parents get
ecstatic that their boy finally puts
down his Blue's Clues talking pad they
then start to notice strange things in
the first movie he had a skin made out
of porcelain and in this one he sounds
like he has a silicone skin and it feels
like human skin it was just made for
that and it's kind of like he got an
upgrade and he had like these human-like
eyes and all of a sudden I feel like
this weird thing slowly touched my neck
and I got so freaked out the lights
turned back on the scenes over brahms
had never pretty much in this one forget
the fact that Brahms and Greta we're
ever really here
yes Brahms was the name of the kid you
know before the parents Avery even got
the doll but I'll turns out that no the
doll was actually named problems this
entire time and it's been tormenting
people for generations all this info
Katie Holmes found on Google calm was
available in the first one but I guess
Greta's data plan must have been out
Joseph the groundskeeper who Greta would
have also met turns out to be the guy
who actually put the dog back together
even though I swore the guy in the
ending to the first was literally
wearing Brahms where are these damn
Acuvue aces I can't see above it all I
think the funniest part is that in the
first one the dawn never flinched not
once alice making moves but let's be
honest this type of retconning is key in
regards to riga ring for franchise mode
helped some franchises haven't even
bothered to fix their logic but with
this you know you got a name flip that
now gives you brand recognition we can
do prequels with brahms now how we can
go to another part and it doesn't even
have to be Browns they could be somebody
else is the boy but I'm just laughing
because we're still at the early stages
of this series you know where the tropes
are just beginning we all know that
every Star Wars movie usually tends to
say so by the time we hit like Brahms
the man by 2033 will have an entire
compilation of actresses trying to shush
a doll I really don't mind you branching
out your story so you can make more of
these but you know be consistent
obviously Brahms the boys whole plan is
to take over Katie's the boys whole body
and you would not believe me when I tell
you that they obliterate this doll like
just like the first one they smash it to
pieces and you can clearly see there's
nothing inside of it not even Mike
Wazowski you can put this porcelain
thing back together and then this dog
gets up looking like like Barry's actual
flesh in the doll after seeing it
completely smashed this thing appears
like a lollipop you dropped under the
couch of a laundromat pretty much Brahms
powers to break any logic that's been
established in previous movies at the
beginning of the movie literal frames
that were just shown to you and they
pull a very original ending that I
personally have not seen in any of the
horror movies as of late involving the
main characters defeating the bad entity
and they they get they go to Nina
location have a happily ever after
oh no entities still there jump-scare
credits I'm sorry to fire more
excitement going on 290 wondering if if
there might be traffic or not instead of
watching these films but I'll say this
Ralph's innocent who plays the
groundskeeper in this he's probably the
best actor in the movie along with the
dogs but like if you've seen the village
you know man's great with his animal
co-stars I personally think it's gonna
take more than him to correct the series
though I know everyone wants that never
ending franchise they all want the
double-oh-seven that you know might get
postponed but will never die and horror
more than any other franchise with a
star can have an icon in it they have
icons that get to live on forever so
it's just ironic that for a dog
gimmick is having rules that his movies
don't follow any thank you guys for
checking out this video on kitchen are
your thoughts down below in the comment
section I don't buy you guys doing you
know when it comes to horror movies or
horrid dog movies Brahms is nowhere near
slappy Annabelle how I'll throw the
poltergeist clown there
Chucky's got like two series going on
right now so yeah I'm not prompts has a
lot a long way to go so I'll say that
but they definitely got to keep a
consistency with it like I know everyone
is trying to do is sort of franchise in
with horror movies I mean what a horror
movie are we not seeing that doesn't end
with the can we possibly get a sequel
type thing but I mean I don't know
what's happening here I guess it kind of
answers the problems that were in the
first but it just creates a bigger
problem of you trying to eat your cake
and eat it too
I'm catching on your thoughts down below
in the comment section let me know which
one you like a little bit more I do like
the skeleton of the first one I don't
know what the hell they were doing with
the second one but I'm curious to know
your thoughts again shout out to raid I
guess we we have finally got the
youtubers stamp of approval getting that
email but it really does help out the
channel so we appreciate that thank you
guys for watching this video let us know
any other LME franchise recaps you guys
want to see don't forget to comment like
you